# Practice Project: GDP Data extraction and processing
Estimated time needed: 30 minutes

## Introduction
In this practice project, you will put the skills acquired through the course to use. You will extract data from a website using webscraping and reqeust APIs process it using Pandas and Numpy libraries.

## Project Scenario:
An international firm that is looking to expand its business in different countries across the world has recruited you. You have been hired as a junior Data Engineer and are tasked with creating a script that can extract the list of the top 10 largest economies of the world in descending order of their GDPs in Billion USD (rounded to 2 decimal places), as logged by the International Monetary Fund (IMF).

The required data seems to be available on the URL mentioned below:
URL: `https://web.archive.org/web/20230902185326/https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_%28nominal%29`

## Objectives
After completing this lab you will be able to:

 - Use Webscraping to extract required information from a website.
 - Use Pandas to load and process the tabular data as a dataframe.
 - Use Numpy to manipulate the information contatined in the dataframe.
 - Load the updated dataframe to CSV file.

## Setup
For this lab, we will be using the following libraries:

 - pandas for managing the data.
 - numpy for mathematical operations.

## #Install required packages
`!pip install pandas numpy `
`!pip install lxml`

### Importing Required Libraries
We recommend you import all required libraries in one place (here):
import numpy as np
import pandas as pd
```python
# You can also use this section to suppress warnings generated by your code:
def warn(*args, **kwargs):
    pass
import warnings
warnings.warn = warn
warnings.filterwarnings('ignore')
```

## Exercises

### Exercise 1
Extract the required GDP data from the given URL using Web Scraping.